Family, I'm excited to be with you all
today. First off, I just want to say thank
you for all of the likes, for
clicking the notification bell, and for
subscribing. It is helping to
get
the gospel out. There are so many
emails that I get telling me,
'Hey, I got born again today watching your
video,'or
'Hey, I got baptized in the Holy
Ghost today watching your video.'I've heard from
people who were
set free from addictions—people
who
were addicted to cigarettes
and
all
kinds of perversions who email me and
say
they
got set free. So I just want to let you
know, thank you for all of your support.
You know, there are a lot of people
saying,
'Well, you're the only one seeing anything;
you're the only one
having
these visions, and nothing's
come to pass.'I just started
this
YouTube channel back in March, and the Lord told
me there’s going to be an
acceleration of all things:
acceleration
of the economy,
acceleration in politics, and acceleration in
spiritual things, like the signs in
the heavens. We are going to see some
amazing things in the days ahead.
No man knows the day or
the hour when Jesus Christ is coming, but
I can tell you I have an urgency in my
spirit that He's coming. I have an
urgency in my spirit to tell you it's
time to repent, to get on our
knees, and to seek the Lord with all our
hearts. We are in the last of the
last seconds before the coming of the
Lord Jesus Christ, and I want to
encourage you today: don't give up on
your dreams, don't give up on what
God's called you to do. We've got to push.
We're right at
that one-yard line, right before first
and goal, and we're about to make a
touchdown. As the
body of Christ, we've got to stand and
be even stronger now than we've
ever been before because
great days are ahead for the
body of Christ. I want to
give you that encouragement before I
tell you about the storms. There
are
a lot of people talking about
the storms. I've
seen people on Sid Roth, and there are other
prophetic people who have seen stuff,
but I was looking at people like Sister
Billye.
I told you all that I was caught
up in the Spirit while I was praying
one night, and I went before the throne.
There was prayer circling in the
throne—I'll
put the video in the
description below
if you're new to my
channel—but
there was a pastor that I
saw whom I wasn't really familiar with.
I looked him up afterward and
have kept
an eye on him
to see what's going on in his ministry.
Whenever I was in the Spirit, the
Lord showed me this pastor,
Tracy Harris, and he has a
church in Texarkana. The Lord
told me to follow his ministry
regarding
the end times. Then you
go back to what Pastor Steve
Cioccolanti
said; he talked about the pale,
green-colored
horse—the
warhorse—and
then the
plague would come after. Well,
like I said, we prophesy in
part and hear in part. I see these things
coming and I don't really know the dates,
but
I feel an urgency in my
spirit. The Lord
will show you things way in
advance.
This prophecy from Sister
Billye
that
you're going to hear is about
a storm and the
economy—something happening—and
then the next
one we'll hear is about a plague
coming greater than
COVID.
Pastor John
Kilpatrick had a visitation from the Lord in the
midnight hour warning
him about a storm coming.
Many men of God are hearing
about a storm coming, and the Lord's
warning them like little fire alarm
bells going off:
'Caution, caution, caution.
Red alert.'There's a storm coming,
but
there'll be a calm after. There
are
going to be
judgments.
You can sense things.
We're not talking about the Great
Tribulation—you
will not even be
here—but
here in the
Ozarks, Shelly and I remember the ice storm years ago
that
knocked out electricity
for two weeks. Trees broke everywhere.
I remember it
happened here in Oklahoma thirteen years ago.
I had sold my house and
was
living in a double-wide with
Shelly
at Prayer Mountain until I could find
another house. Terry
and Lynn lived up over the
firehouse.
We had no
heat, but we had a fireplace and lots of
wood, so we made a
fire.
We had iron cookware
and
made oatmeal, boiled water,
made
chili. Terry would come down on the
snowmobile and
help us out;
he's
a survivor. For
a while, they had a
generator.
It was
two weeks
of
below-zero
weather
every night.
If you lived around
here
and
moved to town, town
didn't have much better,
though
they had some
fuel. Anyway, praise the Lord.
I say pretend you're in the
Ozarks and there could be an ice storm.
It
probably wouldn't last too long, maybe a few
days, so it wouldn't hurt to
keep your car filled with gas,
have a couple of extra cans,
and
have plenty of
water and food.
I'm
not a scare tactic person;
I don't want you in fear. But it
doesn't hurt to have some
peanut butter, tuna fish, salmon,
and things in cans that you don't have
to fix for two or three
days.
I
just
think it
wouldn't be a bad idea. Besides,
if nothing ever happens, you can eat it
and
drink the
water! Glory be to God.
You're
not going to throw any stones or
tomatoes when
things
happen according to
God's calendar. She's telling
everybody, not in fear, to have a Psalm
91 level
of extra in your house.
You can have an urgency like I'm
talking about. When I was
in the Spirit, the
Lord showed me a massive storm coming on
the East Coast. It was dark,
dark purple all inside,
and every once in a while,
the Lord shows
it getting
closer and closer.
The last time I saw it, it was on our
shores. He showed me a
massive, thick,
humongous wall of protection.
He said this
wall
was
separating the storm from protection.
There were dark
clouds on
one side
and great light on the other. He said
this is just like when it was
dark in Egypt and it was light in
Goshen.
He was telling me, 'This
is Psalm.'There was a
table
prepared
with dishes,
bread, and
all kinds of beautiful stuff
for us as believers. There
was a stream of quiet brook right next
to the table, green lush
grass all around it, and a
little cottage
with smoke coming out
of the chimney from baking fresh
bread.
The Lord told me, 'Brandon, I have
prepared a table before you in the
presence of all your
enemies.'He
said in the days
ahead,
you will have to have a
revelation of the name, the power, and
the authority of the name of Jesus.
You're going to have to know
that you need to get Psalm 91 and
Psalm
23 deep down in your
heart. Put it so deep down inside of you
that you don't
question it. It's like it's a rhema word to
you; that is what I'm talking about. You can
read the word, but you have to know the
word. You have to have a revelation
knowledge of the word. You can just go
through Genesis and read it and read it
and read it, but the devil knows when you
know. I'm telling you, I've seen it; I
know in the spirit
realm
when that sword comes out
of your mouth and it cuts the devil.
It's either alive inside of you
or it's not. You can quote it and
quote it and quote
it—and
faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by
the word of God. That's how you get
rhema
word inside of you: by
hearing and hearing and hearing and
hearing it again. Not just hearing it
once, but whenever you eat it
like a cow eating its cud. It
sits
there, and it spits up out of
its
stomach and it chews on that grass
again. You've got to keep that word
inside of your mouth, and it's
what brings life. That's whenever
your mountain needs to hear
your voice. You have to speak to your
circumstances, and that's what I'm
talking about: having the authority of
the believer and having a
revelation of the name of Jesus,
understanding who we are in Christ,
seated
with Him in the heavenlies, far above all
principalities and powers and might. It's
not going to come just by hearing it
once; it's not just going to come by
hearing it twice. Faith comes by
hearing, and hearing, and hearing
by the word of God, getting that
revelation inside of you of where we are
in these end times. The Lord told me,
'Sobering days are coming. Very
sobering days, very hard days for some
people.'But
He said, 'What's the opposite
of sober?'And I said, 'Drunk.'He said, 'Be
being filled with the Holy Ghost, a fresh
touch from the Holy Ghost every single
day, dying to self daily, getting in that
river with Him and
sitting at His feet on a daily basis
and reading that
word.'Just
like I'm talking about, being that cow
eating that grass over and over
again until it becomes
rhema
word inside of your spirit. I'm
telling you, it's like a light switch
coming
on, and that's whenever you speak
that word out of your mouth and the
devil—James:
Submit yourself unto
God, resist the devil, and he will flee
from you. I'm going to go to 'The
Midnight Hour,'this
next prophetic word.
This is the man that I saw in the
throne room with the Lord praying for
the nations, asking the Lord for a fresh
visitation from Him concerning
souls and outpouring. I heard his
prayers, and that's what he was praying
for in 'The Midnight Hour.'This is
a warning. What's amazing
about this: the Lord had this
visitation the same night I had the
visitation going to the throne.
Then he comes back and he tells what
he
saw. Suddenly, as I'm lying there praying in the
throne room,
I'm just overwhelmed with what He's
saying to me about what we
have and the authority of faith in that
name—what
we're going to do. It wasn't
but a matter of minutes and He said
this: 'There are things coming on the
earth that, without revelation
of the power and the authority in
the name of Jesus, My people will not
survive.'I'm
trying to tell
y'all—can
you see why I had to build
your faith before I started talking to
you? You can't get caught up in the
things I'm going to say, because if
you're
natural-minded,
you're going to worry. 'What is it?
What's the Lord saying? What's coming on
the earth?'That's not
the point. The point is to stay on
point, and if you'll do what I'm telling
you to do, you'll survive no matter
what's coming in the
earth. So stay on
point. I don't want to say this, but I'm
bound to; in the office He gave me, I
really don't want to say this because
it's His church. But I have nothing
else
I can say about His church
but what the Head of the church
is telling
me. I'm believing
God this won't be, but I saw it and it
comes up in me again. He said, 'While
you're under this anointing, say
it.'You're
about to see in the
shift: churches right now that are
absolutely going and blowing, and you
think, 'Oh, wow, they're doing
great.'In
a short time, if they will not take hold
of the Full Gospel and operate in the
authority of this name, they're literally
going to look like somebody drove a
truck through there. I mean,
it's going to be cleaned out
like somebody sucked them out of
there—the
victims:
some to the curse, some dead, some in
the hospital. Others will say, 'I'm
not getting what I need
here,'and
they're going to race to the glory.
They're going to rise out of darkness
and come to the light. They do not have
anything in their arsenal to deal with
what I saw coming. The
prodigal
are coming
home, and the weak, anemic, selfish
Christians that want the church to pat
them on the back are about to get an
awakening, startled and sprinkled by the
power of God. You mark my words: the
remnant church is going to become the
place to
be, and they are coming from the north,
the south, the east, and the west.
They're going to jump in the river, and
the river is going to carry you right to the
perfect...
Purity
is going to be at a premium. It's
going to be hard to find, but it won't be
hard to recognize when you find
it—the
real from the
fake.
It'll be kind of rare, so it'll be
hard to find, but it won't be hard to
recognize it when you do find
it. Glory be to God! I don't want this to
happen. I don't want whole churches to be
decimated, but they're going to be
steamrolled
by this thing if they don't rise up and
understand who they are in
Christ.
Because churches are the
bullseye of the target.
God
is raising up a
nation within a
nation and raising up some
voices, young and old, that are
going to run
together.
And He said this word: 'Purity will be
at a premium in the last
days.'This
will become the most
important survival skill for the body of
Christ. Not canned foods and dried foods
or water or anything else; this will
become the most important—exclamation
point—the
revelation of the power and
the authority of the name of Jesus.
Exactly! When God is saying
'prepare,'He's
not talking about buying your
$177,777
'good luck'dried food package where
your family can eat for five years
in a
cave. If He speaks to you, you're going to
know
it. He can
tell you how long it lasts, when
it's coming, where it's coming from, and
you'll have time to go do it.
I'm not against savings accounts or
having food put back or water or buying
at a discount or buying in bulk. I'm not
against any of that; what I'm against is
the fear that's causing you to do it and
the trust in it. Because I can
guarantee you: if you've got three weeks of
water, then what, big
boy? Is that all you're going to live,
three weeks past the
provisions?
Come on, now. This will be the most
important survival skill, bar none, in the
end times: the revelation of the power
and the authority of the mighty name
that's above every name, where we can
handle life, that will bring fish, water,
and
bread in the desert where there's no
river.
God can fly bread to Elijah on ravens; He
is not going to have a problem getting
your stuff to you. I don't care what kind
of pandemic is going on;
we're not going to run out of
trees. So you're going to have heat? Go
cut some trees and have a fire.
It amazed me at
Y2K,
the people that just went crazy. I was
ministering around
Chicago, and people were just acting a
fool. I said, 'Y'all are scared of running
out of water? You've got Lake Michigan right
there!'But
people go nuts; fear will make you
stupid. I'm telling you right now: the
authority of that name—glory
to God—the
authority of that name! Yes, I said glory
to God, the authority of that name, the
authority of the name! We're going to
launch into it; we're going for it, glory
to God! Right here, you're about to see
revelation of the name of Jesus explode
all over the world because, if it doesn't,
the Holy Ghost can't come finish this
harvest. There's going to be a massive
harvest. I won't be the only one preaching it,
but He told me that, as a matter of fact, I
would be one of the tips of the
spear,
so I'm getting after it, sir. I'm about to
get after it because, by and large, my
generation has little to no revelation
of it, and what revelation they did learn
thirty
years ago, they lost. They're
not operating in it, but there is glory
in that
name,
there's power in that
name, and I'm named with that
name. Whatever that name can do, I can
do. Anything that name can do, I can do.
I've been given the name, and whatever
the name can do, I can do because it's my
name. I'll never be intimidated in front
of a sick person as long as I'm putting
my hands on them in that name.
I'll never be intimidated in front
of a demon-possessed person as long as I
know when the devil manifests, I've got
that name to
use. There'll be no banker's
statement, no doctor's report,
no lawyer's
plea or
suit, no government
transaction, no threatening letter from
the IRS. There'll never be
anything that we have to draw back from
or be intimidated by as long as we
know
we've
got that
name. I tell you, I'm totally convinced of
this. This is so strong.
Can you understand? We just went through
a portal; we literally just went
through a shift. We just stepped
somewhere today. This is the ninth month of
the year; this thing's coming to pass for
us. So, here we are. We have
power and authority.
He's warning about what He saw coming,
and it's like He said:
'Stay on point.'We have to
focus on what the Lord has told us, that
we have power and authority to tread on
serpents and scorpions and nothing shall
by any means hurt us. We have to
understand that we have the authority of
the name of Jesus back in us, just like
we are ambassadors of the Lord Jesus
Christ on this earth. As we take
our place—like I was
trying to tell you all
before—an
ambassador of
America has all of America backing him:
the Treasury Department, the military,
everything. Here we are as believers; we
go in the name of Jesus and
we're ambassadors of the Lord Jesus
Christ, ambassadors of heaven in
this earth.
We are seated with Him in the
heavenlies, and so we're
coming down here and we're operating in
that name. It's what's
backing us. It's like the name of America
is backing the ambassador for
whoever is going
in that name. So we're coming
in the name of Jesus; we're coming in the
name of heaven. We're going as
ambassadors into the earth, and we have
all heaven backing us. So what I'm trying
to say to you is we have nothing to fear.
We have nothing to worry about because
Jesus Christ dwells on the inside of us
and all heaven is backing us. We have all
the angels, the military, we have all of
the Treasury Department, cattle on a
thousand hills. Everything of the Lord's is
His, and the fullness thereof. It's all the
Lord's; everything we need is in that
name. If we go before Him, take
communion daily, and seek His face, we
have the medical team;
we can lay hands on the
sick and they'll recover, we can cast out
devils, and we can raise
the dead. We can do it all in that name.
So I just want to encourage you all
today that we know that
these storms are coming. We know that it
says in the last days that wars and
rumors of wars, we'll see plagues and
pestilence and things coming. We know
that all that stuff's coming, but we have
authority. As He
is, so are we in this world, and we are
able to do what He did. Greater works
will you do than what He did. Greater
works!
What more could we do? Well, you know, we
lay hands on the sick, we cast out devils
freely.
Freely we've been given, freely we give
it out. And so I'm just trying to
encourage you all
today to get in your Bibles. I want you
to put the prophetic ministry out of
business because you have the ability to
hear the Lord for yourself. You don't
need prophetic people to tell you what's
coming. You can hear God for yourself. You
can get in the word, you can fast, you can
pray. And yeah, He speaks to His prophetic
voices—I
believe that for these end
times—but
there's a lot of
people that are desperate.
They email me: 'What can I do to
invest? Where should I
be moving? Where should I be living? Where
should I be going with my kids and my
family?'We're
desperate; we
don't hear the Lord. Well, I'm going to
tell you the Bible says that a sheep
knows His voice and a stranger's voice
we will not follow. I believe with all my
heart the Spirit of the Lord dwells on
the inside of you, and you don't need a
man telling you what to do. We're not
fortune
tellers; we hear what the Lord is
saying to us to tell you about what's
coming. But I'm telling you the same
Spirit of God that dwells on the inside
of me and talks to me on a daily basis,
He'll talk to you. And I'm telling you if
you read His
word and you pray and you seek His face
every day and you spend time with Him,
it's just like a relationship with your
wife. If you only talk to her once
a week, you're not going to have a
good relationship. If you only talk to
her twice a week, you're only going to
have a semi-okay relationship. But
the more you spend time with her, the
more you have fellowship with
her, and you sit on the couch
at night and you have
fellowship—you
hold her and you tell her, 'Baby, I love
you,'and
you go out
on
dates and you go out to
dinner—and
you fellowship with that bride
you're
married
to, it builds a relationship. Over the
course of twenty-three years of
marriage,
the
relationship that I have with my wife
today
is nothing compared
to
when we first got
married. A year into it, you think, 'Oh, I
really know this person,'but
I didn't
know her at all back
then.
Here we are
twenty-three
years in, and I find something new about
her every day. How bad do
you want a relationship? How hungry and
how much of a desire do you have
for a
relationship with the Lord? I'm
trying to compare it to a marriage, and
it is like that. But I'm trying to tell
you all: how hungry, how desperate, how bad
do you want a relationship with Jesus?
It's when you spend time with Him daily
and sit at His feet. I seek
Him and I say, 'Jesus, I need your fresh
touch today. I'm dry. I need a fresh touch
of the Holy Ghost today. I need a drink.
I'm so thirsty, Lord. I'm so desperate for
more of you. You are the potter,
I'm the clay. I need you today,
Lord.'And
even whenever you're having
a hard day, you run to Him.
You don't run from
Him; you run to Him. When
you
sin, you don't run from Him; you run to Him. When we mess up and
we sin, your sin is none of the devil's
business. He tempted you; he
causes us to stumble and fall. The Bible
says that he's the great tempter and
the accuser of the brethren. But I'm
telling you when you run to the blood
and you run to the name of Jesus and you
say, 'Father, I need you. I'm desperate.
I've messed up.'He's able. He said
if you confess your sins, He is
faithful and just to forgive you of your
sins and cleanse you of all your
unrighteousness. I'm telling you that God
is a faithful God and He loves you today.
If you seek Him and if you
abide in Him and His words
abide in you, you shall ask what you will
and it shall be done. I'm telling you, it’s
you
abiding in Him and His words abiding in you. Get that word
down inside of your heart. If you abide in Me
and My words abide in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done. I’m telling you, it’s getting that
word down inside of
you—you
abiding
in His word and He abiding in you—because
it is
said the Word is the Lord. He
is the Word; God is the Word. And
I’m
telling you, God is light and in Him
there is no darkness at all.
I’m
telling you, God is love. God is
light,
but God is the Word, and He breathed
on that
Bible. When you’re reading that Bible,
you’re
reading the Lord, and it’s coming
into you, breathing life into you. It
gives you strength to your flesh, and
I’m
telling you, it
renews
your mind and your
thinking. It anoints you and appoints
you for such a time as this. I’m telling
you, it’s the Word of God that will set
you free.
You’ve
got to get that word on
the inside of you, because if you
don’t,
the Bible says the enemy comes like
a roaring lion seeking whom he may
devour. And the ones he’s able
to devour are the ones that don’t know
the Word and don’t have a revelation of
the Word. Because I know the Bible says
this: submit yourself therefore unto God
and resist the devil, and he will flee
from you in terror. He’s going to run
from you and be scared of you. But
it’s
the Word that you know on
the inside of you in these last days
that’s
going to get you free. You
shall
know the truth, and the truth will set
you free. It’s the truth of God’s Word,
the
truth of understanding who He is
and what He has done for you. If you just
were to read Ephesians,
Hebrews,
and
James, and just meditate on that
word—meditate
on Romans, meditate on
that Bible over and
over. Read everything that's in red that
Jesus said; read it over and over
again. And I’m telling you, it
is
life to those that find them and health
to all their flesh. The Bible says that
My words are
life to those that find them and health
to all their flesh. Praise God!
His word is a lamp unto my feet
and a light unto my path. I will hide His
word in my heart
that I might not sin against
You. I think about all the scriptures
and
all the
things that He’s given us to give us
power and authority over the
devil. So, I’m just trying to
encourage you all, trying to tell you that
Jesus loves you so much. He has a plan
for your life, and it’s
a
good plan, a Godly
plan, a strong plan.
Beloved, I wish above all things that
you prosper and be in health, even as
your soul
prospers. He wants you to be prosperous
in what you do; He wants you to be
successful. He has a plan for your
life, and I try to tell you all this
because I live it.
I’m
telling you I’ve lived it and I still
stand on it. I live by faith every
day of my life. I seek Him and I believe
with all my heart that He will
impart His fire on your life
to touch the nations for Him, to lay
hands on the sick and see them recover.
People don’t want to hear about Target;
they don’t want to hear about going in
there. They get mad at me in
the comment section: 'Well, why you
go to Target?'Because
there are
fish! I want to go in there and
touch the souls for Jesus. There are people
that are desperate, and what a better
place to go where there are all these
people that desperately just
need Jesus?
They’re
lost, and I’m telling you, I
go where the lost people
are. I want to be a light. Help me
to shine so bright today,
Father. Help me,
God, to be the representation of
You. Create in me a clean heart,
Lord. Help me, Father. Anoint my words that
when I speak, I’m not speaking from me;
I’m
speaking for You. Father,
these people are
desperate for a touch of the Holy Ghost,
a fresh fire of Your presence on their
life, a
manifestation of Your glory on their
marriages. We call, Father, because they’re so
dry; they’re not getting fed a good word at
church. They’re so
desperate; they’re running to and fro,
like a chicken
with its head cut off. They don’t know
where to turn. They don’t hear Your voice,
Lord, but I know that Your word says they
shall hear My voice and a
stranger’s
voice they won’t follow. Concerning the
end times, I plead the blood of Jesus
Christ over every single person that is
represented on this YouTube broadcast
right now that is listening to me. I
cover them in the blood. I thank You,
Father, that they are my friends
and
my helpers; they’re here spreading the
good news. I intercede for them that
their wayward children are coming home.
Their children are coming home. They will
know You again, Lord. You said train up a
child in the way they should go, and
when they get older, they will not
depart. Train them up in the Word.
Father, I thank You,
there's people in here who may not have
known the Word, but Father, we call
wayward children home. We call them home
in the name of Jesus. We call angels out
there right now to go from the north, the
south, the east, and the west, calling all those
unsaved loved ones to come in right now
in the name of Jesus. We call you
in; you will not burn in hell.
We call our unsaved
loved ones home in Jesus'name. We call
the blood of Jesus Christ to cover them,
Father. I thank You, Lord, that it
drives off that
demonic spirit
that’s
latched onto their head, causing
the spirit of confusion. We take
authority over it right now in the name
of
Jesus. We plead the blood over their
minds. In Ephesians, Father, the
eyes of their understanding would be
enlightened. Father, I thank You, Lord, that
the revelation would come to
them even in their sleep, that Jesus died
for them and He rose again, and He
is
willing to save them
from all of their sins and deliver them.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You are
touching the hearts of
men. We thank You for the greatest
harvest of souls in these last days that
we’ve
ever seen on this planet
before—the
greatest harvest of healings
and
deliverances. We call people healed and
whole and well in the name of Jesus. We
thank You, Lord, that You said in
Your word, Father, that by Your stripes we
are
healed, we are delivered, and we are set free
by the power of the blood.
We’re
not bound by the devil anymore, for
Galatians 3:13 says Christ has redeemed
us from the curse of the
law. You don't have to be under the curse anymore. Jesus paid the
price for you to
walk in victory in every
area of your life.
You don't have to be bound, you don't have to be poor, you
don't have to be broke, busted, and disgusted anymore.
Jesus paid the price for
you.
Jesus loves you so much
and He wants you to be free. Father, I
thank You, Lord, that freedom is coming to
these people
today.
No matter what
storm, no matter what
earthquake, no matter what
pestilence. To be absent from the body is
to be present with You. Death has lost
its victory over
us; death is no longer lorded over us. We
don't have fear over death because when
we die, we go to be with Him. So we're not
going to be afraid of pestilence,
of plagues,
of terror
attacks,
or
earthquakes.
Fear has lost its victory
over
me. Perfect love casteth out all fear, for
fear has torment, and he that feareth is
not made perfect in love. So we've got to be
made perfect in His love today. My Father
loves me, my Father delivers me, my Father
cares for me. If He cares for the
lilies
of the field, if He cares for the
sparrows—He
knows when a sparrow falls—He knows
whenever I have
needs; He knows when you have needs.
Nothing's too big for God.
He is El Elyon, the Most High. He
is Jehovah Jireh. He is 'I Am that I
Am.'And
the same Jesus that dwelt 2,000
years ago. Jesus Christ: the same
yesterday, today, and forever. Faith
calls those things that be not as though
they were.
You've
got to speak to your circumstances,
calling those things that be not as
though they
were. I hope this video blessed you
today. I pray for you. Father, I thank You,
Lord, for fresh fire on these folks,
a fresh
anointing, a fresh presence on their
life to give them
encouragement. I pray encouragement over
them. I pray a fresh anointing on them,
Father, that they will realize how much
You love them and that
You have a plan for them. I
just pray over their marriages. I pray
over their children. I pray over their
health—for
new kidneys. I
pray for new kidneys in Jesus'name. I
speak life over their kidneys. I speak
deliverance over their livers, over their
thyroids, over their
bodies. We call healing and wholeness and
wellness over them from the top of their
head to the soles of their
feet. We call them delivered. We call them
a fresh and a new, all their
cells,
everything, anything they have need
of, You've got
it. And we thank You, Lord, for it right
now in the name of Jesus, and we
give You all the glory, honor, and praise.
Jesus, we love
You. Well, put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart. Jesus loves you so
much, and we love you, and we thank you
for watching this video. God bless you
all. Have a great day. Bye-bye.